hey guys how's it going chest back again
here on my tell hopefully on the random
FIFA videos channel as well with the
second installment of the world cup
squads series now the first one went
down tremendously well of course we did
Cameroon we're going through group a to
start off with because of your if you
are unfamiliar with the series you
missed the first episode there will be a
link to that in the bottom left-hand
corner but basically the gist of the
series is going to go through the the
world cup squads group at a time team at
a time gonna build a squad builder
national squad riddle with eat then
we'll go through each individual Nations
World Cup history there isn't too much
of an emphasis on the actual squad
builder itself although i will flick
through all of the players in the
background so you guys can see the other
individual stats of the players on show
the main player in this one of course is
Javier Hernandez I was going to try and
put a squad together with with the in
forms of giovani dos santos and carlos
fire but of course that would have meant
i would have to leave Peralta and xavier
hernandez out and they didn't really
want to do that so put those guys out on
the wing so we could have a chicory toe
and the other inform Santos Laguna
striker up top but a couple of other
decent players in there of course
salcedo used to play in the Premier
League as well he is the left central
defensive midfield we're having a look
at now of course there is a call there
is as well Hector Moreno who plays for
espanol is a very very solid sent it
back so with the goalkeeper by the way
aqua absolutely awful do not touch him
if you're trying to build a squad
similar to this or any scored with him
in whatsoever don't go anywhere near him
he's one of the worst goalkeepers I've
ever used in my entire life but anyway
let's crack on with Mexico's world cup
history then so we're going to have a
closer look and see what they're all
about now they've qualified for twice as
many world cups as that the previous
slide we had a look at in Group A
Cameron Cameron across qualified for
seven Mexico have qualified 14 times for
the biggest stage in world football and
a rear 2014 will actually be there six
consecutive appearance at at the World
Cup they've qualified for every single
tournament since 1994 which was held in
the USA but Mexico themselves have held
the world cup twice in 1970 when Brazil
went on to win the World Cup and in 1986
when Argentina were were victorious
thanks in no small part to
to the arm of a very small number 10 for
Argentina but that again is a discussion
for a different video but them of course
every world cup held on South American
soil has been won by a self American
team so you would presume that is going
to continue when we when we go to Rio
next year can Mexico be the team to wear
to keep up that tradition we will have
to wait and see but of course they there
to most successful tournaments were the
ones held on domestic soil they reached
the quarterfinals in both 1970 and 1986
now most recently they've been knocked
out in in the round of 16 and every
single one of those six consecutive
World Cups that they've competed in
since us a 94 got us a 94 France 98 was
it Japan and South Korea 2002 Germany
2006 then of course South Africa 2010
now in South Africa 20 20 20 beer in
South Africa 2010 most recently of
course they were knocked out by
Argentina in the in the round of 16 as
we said butter of course that again was
thanks to a dodgy goal from from the
argentinian side through a few cast your
mind back you may be able to remember
Carlos Tevez actually scored the first
goal in that game ended up 31 but
Tevez's go was he was the opening goal
that put Argentina one and up and he
scored it from an offside position and
there was a huge huge you know debate
amongst the the world football public as
to whether the was a Uruguayan official
the Uruguayan linesman whether there was
any sort of match-fixing involved but of
course that was never found to have any
truth in it whatsoever but it still was
a dodgy Argentinian goal at a world cup
but I have a look at some of the the
other miscellaneous stats from Mexico
that top goal scorer for the national
side is actually Jared or her red bull
Hetty he retired from international
football only as recently as 2080 but
was in the national side from two
thousand from 1997 rather too wet to
2008 11 years of service called 46 goals
for his national so resistant as many as
samuel eto'o scored 55 for Cameroon we
covered that in the previous episode but
still 46 goals for your national side is
nothing at to be sneer that and they're
at their highest appearance guy as he
has more than Cameroon we had a rigger
boat song and like 130 or so for a for
Cameroon and actually Mexico's highest
appearance getter
experience Gettys that even a phrase I
its appearance I its cap when I shall we
say cloudy Suarez with a hundred and
seventy eight in total across a span of
fourteen years from 1990 22 2006 so you
would say their best players in in
Mexican national history are the most
recent ones so perhaps they do stand the
chance of doing well at Rio 2014
although their qualifying campaign
wasn't the best of course they went
through in the playoffs against their
new zealand two rather easy games for
them the disc or choir law goes over the
two legs but Mexico as a whole their
recent form hasn't been that good and as
a prediction for the for their
performance in Rio 2014 I actually think
they're not going to make it through to
the round of 16 this time I do see
Mexico getting knocked out in the group
stage of course the other teams in the
group are the hosts Brazil Croatia who
would be covering and next week and
Cameroon of course we covered last week
so why personally I think Mexico neither
come third or fourth it's a toss-up
between them and Cameroon for the third
and fourth positions in that group it
could go either way camera in a very
very solid but if Mexico turn up and
perform like we know they can with the
with the players at their disposal then
they may stand a chance of pushing
Croatia out second place but I don't
quite think they're going to be able to
put the fall together and I do
personally believe that they're going to
finish third or fourth in that group
that is going to bring this particular
episode two were close guys of course
like I say we will be covering Croatia
next week that'll be the next one in
Group A and then of course at Brazil
will be the one after that but that's
going to bring this episode to a close
so please do feel free to show the video
as much support as you did with the
previous one drop the drop the video
like if you did enjoy let me know in the
comment section down below we think of
this series and that if you're enjoying
it so far I'm person you really really
enjoying putting it together so while
hopefully you guys are enjoying watching
it as well and if you aren't subscribe
to my channel as well do feel free to do
so there will be a link in the
description to do so my channel name is
chaz noid gaming and if you're watching
this a random fever videos as well then
feel free to subscribe to that channel
the community channel there's plenty of
faith content coming up on there every
single day from various FIFA
commentators so we're plenty of tunnels
for you to discover on that community
channel black as I say is going to bring
this one to a close so we'll have to
wait and see how makes occur due at the
World Cup but
we'll cover Croatia next week's thank
you very much for watching guys and I
will see you next time